Question 1:
Using the telegraph example, and the challenges listed in the module as reference, and describe another device that you would like to discuss. Describe how you think its embedded system works, and what design challenges it presents.

Answer:
I will be analyzing my dog's "smart collar". It has quite a few features, it can detect different motions like running, sleeping, scratching, and licking. It can also locate my dog with GPS, communicate with my phone via bluetooth and also can connect to WIFI. First the device must have some sort of processing unit like a microcontroller. It must talk with some type of IMU and run different identification algorithms to determine what the dog is doing. It then must store the data somewhere on the device maybe in a non volatile memory for at least a month then I think it will be stored on the app on my phone or upload to some cloud server with the WIFI connection. The controller must also communicate with a GPS chip that will ping the location of the device and also send that location to my phone if not connected to my WIFI. I assume the device itself does most of the IMU computing and just sends that data to be further looked at in my phone app or some cloud server. The GPS system must detect if the device is off my WIFI connection and then will PING the service provider (AT&T) to send a position to my phone. This system would have many challenges: Data Security, Memory, Cost, Battery Life, Response Time. The biggest problem I think for this device is battery life. They designers did a good job at making low power modes of operation. When the system is on WIFI or in phone range it goes into a low power mode not using the GPS saving battery life. 
